I'm Arun S V, a 25 year, young male. I love to code. I can do it all day would still love it. It all started when I first learned to develop websites when I was in my 8th grade. I did it out of curiosity. Then, I wanted myself to appear on web when people navigated to arun.com. I was motivated to continue with that one simple thing. The journey made me learn more, do more and brought me where I am today. 

Writing code was as intuitive as math. Compose number with different ops, see the magic of math. The same way, compose data with different ops, see the magic of code. Both were fun.

I pursued computer science in my high school and went on to become a CS grad. College was different for me. Everyone I met was interesting. They came from different background with a lot of different experiences & skills. I too wanted to be more. I learnt stuff, I built things in tech from websites, to mobile apps and AI etcetra. I mentored a group of juniors who then were the ones to graduate having job offers with higher salary packages among their peers. I had tons of fun.

My first job after my graduation was an internship as a junior research engineer @ Buddi AI. I was responsible to study & improve the performance of a multi-label classifier model. I was supposed to build automated analytics platform that analyes the results of the model on a given test-set compare it with train-set and reported scenarioes where the model performed well and where it failed. Though I didn't build such full-fledged platform, I built a simple pipeline that performed various analysis using various metrics. I also did implemented [adaptive label thresholding](https://svarunid.medium.com/adaptive-label-thresholding-994403ca4c19) a novel way to find an optimal threshold limit for each label. The intensity of work and the amount of learning I did there was great. But sadly, the company struggled financially losing it's client & unable to pay it's employees. I had to leave eventually.

I then joined AskEVA, a small startup providing WhatsApp Business API solution as a software engineer. At that time, the company didn't have a great tech team. The potential of their product was great but it had serious flaws & bugs. Clients were continuously facing issues. I took the lead in building the backend infrastructure thr ground-up. I fired people who couldn't keep up with the speed & scale. I owned & managed everything end-to-end from writing code, setting up infra, to deploying the product. The new system that I implement was robust. I handled thousands of requests per minute smoothly even under Meta's strict API rate limits. I also handled client communications hearing their issues & frustrations patiently, noting down their pain-points. I designed the system to better serve clients' common use-cases. I had to leave the company eventually due to the company's bad work culture & decisions. No plans to expand team even when complexity of the product was increasing beyond manageable. I had disagreement's to prioritize adding more features before ensuring the minimum viable product. And finally, I felt like I was not being heard and my ideas were not being taken seriously.

TODO: Tiny Leap

I'm currently an AI engineer @ Cloudside Technologies (acquired by Searce) where I build AI solutions to solve business use-cases for vairous clients using Google's cloud & AI services. I built a LLM based entity extraction system that extracted information from complex site plans and architecture diagrams that achieved roughly 92% extraction accuracy. I also implemented multi-agentic solutions using Google ADK (Agent Development Kit). One for a Text-to-SQL for querying different layers of log files and identifying the point of failure/issue. Another one was composed of two main agents, one as a conversational agent to help employees better navigate their challenges they face in the work place and the other agent analyses those conversation to extract psychographic traits of the users. The team here isn't much mature. They lacked in communication & organisational skills. I mentored them to have develop good practices around writing & maintaining code and guided them improve themselves professionally. I was awarded the 'Best Employee of the Quarter - Q2 2025' recognizing my contributions to the work, team & company. The organization has a great culture & environment to work at peace. But, I personally believe too much peace spoils my growth as a professional. The projects that I worked on here didn't involve much effort. I have rested enough. I need a much more challenging high intense work where things move fast.

I have my own unique (maybe not) way of doing things. Before I begin to do, I think. I think well and long about the approach I would take to do it elegantly and efficiently. Then, I'll list out the steps and start executing by going for the hard tasks first. Usually, those tasks would be laying out the base that'll allow me to iterate faster. I keep track of tasks & their progress to make pausing & continuing freely possible. I slack off when I get bored, I can't help it :P

I adopt tools that enhance my productivity and help me do things faster & better. [Zed](https://zed.dev/) is my default IDE. I use [uv](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/) to managa python projects. AI coding agents greatly enhances my speed of execution and axis (extend) of discovery. [Factory](https://factory.ai/), [Crush](https://github.com/charmbracelet/crush), [Warp](https://warp.dev/) and [Claude Code](https://claude.ai/code) are among my favourite tools. I use [Mammouth](https://mammouth.ai/) to chat with all different LLMs at one place though not often. [NotebookLM](https://notebooklm.google/) is an amzing tool that let's me listen to anything online in an interesting way and in my regional language (Tamil). Surprisingly, the audio that it generates in indic languages is so engaging without much errors.

For the near future, with the current fashion in tech & capabilities of AI, want to help companies build AI agents & automations and help them become AI-native. My value add will come from an backend + AI role. I have strong fundamentals in building scalable backend-systems with AI at it's core. Moving forward, I want to transform into a systems programming role and bring AI into the orchestration layer at the low-level of systems.

I have an optimistic view around AI. I believe that AI can be a force for good and can help us solve some of the biggest problems in the world. It changes the way we consume information and interact with digital devices. AI can potentially bring an end to the curse of addictive nature of social media. It can give us back our time that was stolen by these addictive apps. It can get you off the hooks and let you focus on things that matter to you the most. Privacy should be a major concern. Be mindful of what you share digitally, because these organizations are data hungry. The more you let them know about you, the more chance you give them to make you stay hooked. Be aware of your interactions with AI. Human & AI can happily co-live in a world where people are digitally & technologically matured.

Apart from being a software engineer, I think more about life as a human being. I try to figure reasons behind life & suffering, purpose of existance and ways to have fun. I mentor people to become better in their life. I'm definitely not an expert in any of these things, but I try my best to understand and share my thoughts with others.

I've recently met the love of my life. She isn't the woman of my dreams, but she is more than what I could have asked for in my wife. She is beautiful, she can be gorgeous. She's so progressive and doesn't stop talking at all. She's cute :)

---

**Github Bio**
Konnichiwa 👋
Watashiwa Arun S V desu. Ahem, that's all the japanese I know. I'm a hardcore software engineer leveraging modern coding tools (zed, claude code, warp, amp, crush, etc.) to build AI-native applications across web, mobile and other stack. (inclined towards backend). I'm also constantly thinking about building a college that I've always dreamt to study through Tiny Leap. The notion is simple, as humans we are capable of learning and achieving anything by ourselves. We just need an environment with great curriculum, resources and tools, peer and mentor network and ample opportunities to take leverage.

**Linkedin Bio**
With over 2 years of experience in building software applications with AI at the core. Built diverse applications from web apps to backend servers, scaled them to handle heavy traffic, creating strong business impact. I thrive in high intense & fast paced environments where folks keep developing & shipping in a loop.

**X Bio**
I don't hope. I make it happen so that others can hope.

---